Time Log:
- 5/6/26: 3 hours fixing the .h file and refactoring the structure of the code
- 5/7/26: 3 hours debugging code and finishing core game logic

What went well:
What went well was developing and thinking of helper functions that would make life way easier
when it comes to coding the project. For example, the stringToMove function was a nice helper
function that I thought of when I ran into the problem of converting the text from the user into
something usable by the class. 

What went less well:
The planning went less well for sure. When I had the idea for this project, I wanted to make sure
that I didn't copy off of anyone else's chess code, as chess is a very popular topic within the
realm of computer science, and there are many established ways to do it. A core weakness I've learned
about myself this semester during this project and throughout this semester is that I tend to over-extend.
I'm very ambitious, but it leads to me starting things and not finishing them to fruition, or doing many
things but doing them poorly. For example, due to a lack of time from all of my other extracurriculars
and classes, I can't implement proper safety handling for move checking. When you make an incorrect move,
the game moves on to the next player. The scope of chess is very, very, very large, and given proper time
and planning, I'm sure I could've made a very intuitive chess game that's playable in the terminal with all
the correct moves and restrictions. But due to my over-extending, I wasn't able to deliver a full chess product.

What you may have learned:
Planning goes a long, long way. Had I properly planned out the structure of how my code would model the game of chess,
the coding process would've went by much quicker. For example, each Cell struct had a field as a void * that was supposed
to point to the piece occupying it. Due to how difficult it became to idealize how I would utilize void *'s in this project,
I decided to switch to a Piece * instead, and assign it nullptr if the cell was empty. Of course, you can't always see
the full picture when planning out a project, and mistakes are bound to happen (hence debugging), but with efficient
planning of your project, a lot of time spent debugging and restructuring your program can be saved. 

Why you should get full discretionary points:
While not a full chess game with all of the proper restrictions (such as piece obstruction and checkmate), the game still
able to be played by players who understand the game of chess. Players can differentiate between black and white pieces,
play until checkmate (determined by themselves), and all pieces will only move to squares they are allowed to move to.
This project contains good use of .h files, classes, and memory management with pointers (didn't need to use rule of three).
Taking inspiration from the CardDeck lab we did earlier in the semester to simplify the main.cpp file, and implementing all
of the logic of the program in a .cpp file, shows good file management and clean practices.
- Why Vectors?:
    Vectors were used in this project and not any of the other data structures taught in this class due to how unnecessary
    hashmaps, hashsets, binary trees, heaps, AVL trees, or BSTs would've been for this assignment. Considering this project
    is very similar to the Connect4 Lab we've completed, implementing the previously mentioned data structures would've been
    overkill for this project. Vectors fit this project well due to this program not taking in mass amounts of data. Also,
    we are not searching for any elements within the vectors, which would be O(n) time. We are only accessing very specific
    elements within our vectors, which give us O(1) time already with no extra overhead costs. We don't have mass amounts of
    data that need to be looked up fast with a hash table, nor do we need to search for anything within a large list using A
    BST, AVL Tree, or heap. There's no insertion or deletion within our program outside of the initialization of the ChessBoard
    class, so Linked Lists aren't justified. Using Arrays, while they could work well with this use case, only add more manual
    work with additional, unncessary memory management. Using Vectors over Arrays simplifies memory management, getting rid of
    pointer arithmetic and manual sizing. For only 64 cells, C++ is more than capable of making the calculations needed to ensure
    this program runs instantly every time. I would like to acknowledge that if I were to implement a chess engine that would require
    something like a vector<moves> generateMoves(ChessBoard board) function, then searching for correct moves would be very important.
    A hash table to store quickly store all of the possible moves would work well. AVL trees or BSTs would work to search for specific
    moves in O(log n) time. However, due to the scope of this project, Vectors outshine all of the usecases of the other data structures.

Conclusion:
Overall, I'm very thankful to have had the opportunity to learn about data structures & algorithms in C++. While the langauge
isn't mainstream in many jobs, unlike high level langauges like Python or JavaScript, learning this language creates a great
foundation as a programmer who should be able to code in any other langauge higher level than C. Thank you to all the TAs and
Dr. Emrich for having such an impact on my educational journey, and my develompent as a programmer. Hopefully you find this
project fun!